and it's come over to our house.
>> So, are we ready?
>> Okay. So, we're going we're going to
follow this order. We're going to speak
our members. So, we have Maria
Greenhouse, Bill Rogers, Kathleen, and
Lee. So, that gives us the four members
we need to mail.
>> Am I missing something? Right. Do we
have a quorum? Yes, we have a
>> forum but um do you have
um you know no alternates you need to
>> we do have one alternate that could be
here Jeff Ballad I don't see him
>> um so I will just be honest with you or
if you want to explain more than I have
I was chair
anyways your odds improve the more
people you have we have five people
tonight you have
>> better odds of
>> passing this than with four because with
four you actually need all four of us to
yes, right? Whereas if you had five, you
get one person say no and four people
say yes and you get you wet. So do you
wish to proceed?
>> Yeah, I guess we should chat about that.
I I do we have any indication as to
whether your alternate is going to be
>> I tried calling him multiple times
tonight and I got and we have uh another
alternate that's in California. No, I'm
sorry. She's on vacation somewhere. I'm
not sure and one full time is in
California. So
we are it. Okay.
>> I could try calling the other alternate
again.
>> Correct me if I'm wrong. Um
the members can catch up.
>> They can they can recording and review
the minutes and all the materials. Um so
I I suppose we could perhaps move this
is what I would suggest. we move forward
with the presentation perhaps. Um,
>> yeah. I mean, we're Yeah. So, you're
here and willing to
>> But again, we could delay the vote,
>> right? We could we could close the
hearing or even leave it open and just
delay the vote until there's a full
complement of the board because, as they
mentioned, we do need four of the five
regardless of whether there's a quorum.
It's not just a majority of who's here.
We do four of the five. So, it is
>> usually recommended to go forward with a
full vote of five. So, um, so I would be
happy to do the presentation tonight
because there might be some open issues
that I have discussed with the town
attorney anyway.
>> Um, and then we can decide whether to
close or just continue the hearing to
the next meeting
>> when perhaps we could do the vote.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, can I ask a question on that?
>> Sure.
Does that mean that the vote happens
automatically at the next meeting
that at the next scheduled meeting if as
long as we have a
>> No, we have uh 65 days from today or you
have the board has 65 days from today to
render to render a decision.
>> Well, 65 days from the close of the
public hearing,
>> right? 65 days from the close of public
hearing,
>> right? So,
>> and we could keep it open technically
probably for a month. So I guess my
question is vote the vote doesn't have
have to happen in an official
>> the vote does not have to happen in
March if that's what you're asking
>> it has to happen at a regular meeting
but it doesn't have to happen
necessarily at the next
>> I understand okay thank you
>> you have some time
>> okay so knowing that yeah want to
>> great okay
>> yes great okay I'll introduce
>> if there's something you want me to pull
up on the screen I can
>> well it's got paper copies in of them.
So if I need something, I'll I'll shout
it out. Okay.
>> And I I'll I'll post. Would you give me
your name again, please?
>> Yes. I was just going to do that. So I'm
attorney Dory Riser. I'm from Kahan
Kinsky Capistella Law Firm in Verman.
I'm a land use attorney. I represent
Christine Gomes, the owner of the
subject parcel. Um we have made an
application for variances as you
probably saw in the application
materials. And the variances would allow
the construction of a single family home
on a parcel that Christine just recently
acquired. It's a 0.43 acre parcel. Now,
there would be a contemplated lot
adjustment with an adjacent parcel. The
adjacent parcel is at 52
fol.
And um the adjacent parcel is owned by
Christine and her husband. It's not
there's no unity of title necessarily
here, which is important because there's
no formal merger of these two lots. Are
you familiar with the merger concept?
>> I I did that myself. So,
>> okay.
>> So, I guess all right, let's keep going
on. So, so the, so, and I don't want to
like dumb this down too much, but just
really briefly, merger is a provision in
your zoning regulations that says if you
have adjacent land, if you own and say
same people own adjacent parcels and one
of the parcels is nonconforming,
then the zoning merges that into the
adjacent parcel to make the parcel more
conforming. Um it's not it doesn't
really change record title which is
interesting but it does for zoning
purposes say these are going to be
treated as two pieces. We don't have
that situation here because again 52
which is um bas which is a conforming
lot which has a house on it that is
owned by Christina and her husband
Manny. This parcel which was more
recently acquired to 0.43 four and three
acres is the parcel we're looking for
the variances for. That was acquired
just by Christine. The fact that they're
husband and wife does not change the law
that it is still no unity of title. It
has to be the exact same ownership. Um
because right now Manny doesn't have any
interest in the parcel that's being
affected by even though he's married to
the owner, he doesn't have any record
title interest in the parcel that's
being affected by the variances.
So um so there's two adjacent parcels.
We would like to effectuate a lot line
adjustment between the two to make the
nonconforming lot the 0.43 acres that
Christine recently acquired more
conforming.
Um and and we're going to get into all
of that. I don't know if you recall I
was before you in November of this past
year on the Rockefeller application. We
talked about this concept of which was
kind of new. knew it was something that
you weren't that familiar with this
concept of typically for variances you
need a hardship right something unique
about the land that takes away
topographic something unique specific to
that land that takes away all useful use
if you don't um grant the hardship I'm
sorry grant the variance here there's an
exception to that rule which you know
again is hard to grasp at time because
you're so it's so drilled into your head
you need to find a hardship you need to
find a hardship
But the adults rule, which we talked
about a little bit in November, and I'm
going to have to put some more
information on the record just because
we have to make sure there's a complete
record for this, um, talks about an
independent ground for granting
variances. You don't need to find a
hardship. You just need to prove that
you're making a nonconforming us or law
more conforming. Okay? So, that's a
separate round. And that's really what
we're here to talk about tonight. We're
we've got this variance request to have
a variance of the lot size and the lot
width because we still don't have enough
land to make it a conforming lot, but we
have enough land to make it a more
conforming lot. And as you can see from
the map that was submitted,
um you know, the bulk of the land that's
being added to it is down by the road
frontage. and and based on the plan
that's been submitted, we can um have it
engineered to have a house that complies
with all the other zoning requirements
with regard to setback. There's no
front, rear, or side setback issues.
It's really just the lot is still
non-conforming from a minimum lot area
and a minimum width requirement. Um so
so that's the nature of the um variances
that are before you. Now the milliondoll
question for you tonight is
is was this 043 acre lot legally
created? Is it a legal nonconforming
bot? Because that's what adulson applies
to. If you have a legal conformity, then
you can make it again more conforming
without the finding of a hard
traditional hardship.
Um, and so typically in order to
determine if a parcel is a legal
non-conforming
parcel, you have to go back to the
regulations in place when the parcel was
created. Did it comply with the
regulations or not? So, I'm going to
give you just a little bit of title back
on this property.
This parcel 0.43 acres was part of land
that was acquired by Shirley Broadley in
1951.
Okay. She acquired three pieces and they
were lots shown on um Do you want to
maybe throw up that um Andover Lake
property plan for just for a moment?
>> I can do that. Um
>> bear with one second.
I've got it. I don't have it.
Here we go. Dang it.
>> Super. Okay. So, I'm gonna scroll so you
can
>> So, it um I won't touch the screen, but
we're looking down at this plasma right
here. You see where it says 53, 54, 55,
and red pointing there. So, in 1951,
Shirley acquired lots 54 55 and the
southerntherly 50 ft of lot 53. Okay.
The southerntherly 50 feet of lot 53 is
a parcel that's under consideration
right now. So she acquired three pieces,
owned them in 1951 and then in 1954
she sold the neighboring two of the lots
I should say. Um two of the lots which
is lots 54 and 55 to O'Brien. Okay. I I
don't know that that they're still in
the name of O'Brien, but that was in
1954 and she retained for herself just
southerntherly 50 ft of lot um 53. So at
in 1954
this piece was effectively created as a
standalone piece. Okay. So now we have
to decide well was that legal? Did it
comply with the regulations or was it
illegally created law? Again, the
million-dollar question.
And I say that because all of the due
diligence that we have done, and my
client has done a lot. I mean, she she
hired an attorney to purchase the
property. She had a title search done on
the property. She acquired title
insurance upon the property. Um, she
evaluated everything that was available
to her in order to determine could she
use this property. and she found, okay,
going back to 1954,
this was a piece of land owned by
somebody. I should be able to do
something with it. So, we checked the
zoning regulations. Well, what did they
say in 1954? Guess what? No one's got a
record of the zoning regulations in
1954. The first set of zoning
regulations that we can find through the
building office or the town clerk's
office is 1956
after this parcel was already created.
So, I am going to go on record to say I
recognize the case law says it is the
burden of the landowner and applicant to
demonstrate and establish a legal
non-conform a legal nonconformity. It's
our burden. In this instance, because of
the town's failure to have adequate
records back to 1950 when zoning was
first adopted, it is nearly impossible
for us to do that. The only way we can
do it is through inference. Okay? So, we
are doing everything a reasonable due
diligent landowner could do to try and
establish this. And because we couldn't
definitively establish it, we came to
you and said, "We're we're we need your
assistance on this variable." Because in
1956,
the regulations did say um that that the
zone requires a 40,000 foot zone and 200
ft of lavler, which clearly this parcel
doesn't have. Again, that post dates
when the parcel was created as a 43
acreage. When it was created, you can
see from this map, um it's about 50 feet
long the road. It's about 370 ft in
depth. Okay. So,
so, so 1956, the regulations say you
need this minimum lot area and you need
this minimum lot of it. It also goes on
to say though in those regulations that
if you don't have
that lot area and lot width, so on
smaller lots, you can still build a
permitted use on it as long as you
comply with all the other regulations
and you don't own adjacent land. Well,
we know Shirley Riley didn't own
adjacent land in 1956
because she had already conveyed it
away. Okay. And we know now that we can
build a lot on this without violating
the other setbacks because you have a
site plan that demonstrates that the
dislotment adjustment. Okay.
So the quandry is if we can establish to
your satisfaction that this is a legal
non-conforming use then the case law is
very clear under adults that I don't
need to prove applicant doesn't need to
prove a traditional hardship. We just
need to demonstrate a reduction in
nonconformities. And that reduction in
nonconformities is going from a lot that
has 50 ft of width to 80 ft of width.
And it's going from a lot that's only
18,700
square ft size to just over 25,000
square feet in size. You can see that on
the zoning table on the map that's in
front of you. So I think there's or I
hope there's no question that this lot
is becoming more conforming with the
regulations.
The only question is does Adolfson apply
because is this illegal non-conforming
law? So so let's talk a little bit about
that.
Again, 1956 is the first version
that we're able to find through the
town's records of the zoning
regulations.
And in that, it does reference in 1956
that there was a public hearing held to
amend the zoning regulations. So, it
certainly contemplates that there were
regulations in place. Okay. And and your
zoning regulations right now for
purposes of establishing a
non-conforming use, say zoning started
in 1950. Um, this is seems to
contemplate that yes, there were zoning
rights in 1950 and they were amended in
51 and maybe in 52 too and then here we
have 1956 but but again penalizing the
applicant for not being able to track
down town records that town can't even
track down is a hard stretch. So based
on all that and what I'm going to give
you for inferential information, I'm
hoping we will start with the premise
that you know what there's enough there
in fairness to conclude that this is a
legal non-conforming law and therefore
this aden.
So again, in 1956,
there was a public hearing held that
contemplated
repealing a section of the zoning
regulations. And you have these, I
think, in your packet. Um, wait, didn't
you pass out the zoning rags in your
packet? So, so I'm reading from from
documentation that your agent had
prepared and shared with all of you and
I found also in the town of Art's
office. Um, this section repealed it
says article 3 zone A section 4. Um, and
and the reason I'm talking about that is
because I think from this we can
conclude that zone A is probably the
relevant section that applied to to this
parcel at the time because here it talks
about how um they're going to measure
setbacks 25 feet from the high I'm sorry
50T from the high water line of Andover
Lake. So again, all I can do to connect
the dots is come up with some inferences
as to what might it have been in 1954.
So I'm thinking zone A, if we're talking
about setbacks of Mandover Lake, that's
probably the zone that would have
applied to this parcel.
It goes on in this section to talk about
they're repealing um section seven.
Okay. Repealing the and adopting in its
place a regulation that says that the
minimum lot area will be 1 acre with a
minimum width of 200 f feet. So So I'm
going to pause there. It says more but
I'm going to pause for a minute. So to
me they're saying, okay, if in 1956
we're repealing whatever it previously
said and establishing this minimum lot
area and width, I'm thinking it either
wasn't established before or it was
different. Otherwise, why repeal it?
Again, all I can do is make reasonable
inferences because nobody has these darn
regulations to know for sure. But if
they're repealing it and adopting a
minimum law area and width, it would
stand to reason it's different than what
was previous.
The section then goes on to also what's
being replaced. says, "But a dwelling
may be erected in this zone on a lot
having an area or with less than that
required in the regulations provided
that such lot has been duly recorded by
deed prior to the date of this
regulation and all the other regulation
requirements are met with." To me,
again, by inference, that contemplates
that there could have been a smaller lot
requirement in place before then.
Because if they're talking about if you
have a smaller lot, you can still build
on it. They must have had some reason to
believe there could be smaller lots in
the area. Again, the I I wish I could
sit here and definitively say this is a
lot of record because there's no
question clearly when it was created in
1954, it complied with the regulations.
But I can't and I'm honest with you. I'm
being as honest as I can with you. But I
think that based on the lack of town
records, based on how the revisions came
about in 1956,
a reasonable person could conclude that
either this minimum lot area and with
initially came into place in 1956 when
this was adopted or it was something
different and perhaps lesser. Okay. What
that lesser might have been, I don't
know.
I I would like to say that again my
client has done whatever due diligence a
person can possibly do under the
circumstances. We can't create records
where they cannot be found. Um and we do
have the burden to prove to you but
really that burden to prove to you that
this is a legal non-conforming law. Our
burden is to establish that there's
substantial evidence for you to reach
your determination.
substantial evidence is is there
something reasonable and rational in the
record before you that can help you make
that conclusion. So what I have just
explained to you, what I have just said,
how I've come to my reasoning, how we've
done everything. We're looking at
everything. We're looking at the text of
what was amended in 1956 to try and back
into what might have been there
previously.
I think under all of these
circumstances, it's fair to conclude and
start from the premise that in 19
before when this lot was created as a
standalone parcel, we should deem it to
be a non-conforming lot because we can't
prove otherwise. There's absolutely
nothing to prove otherwise. And in
proving definitively that it was is
impossible. Okay? But we've done as much
due diligence as we can.
So with that in mind, I'm going to bring
you just to get it on the record because
again, I know we've already talked about
this in a prior context of a hearing,
but if we establish to your satisfaction
that this is a lot of record, then
rather than finding a traditional
hardship, a independent basis for
granting a variance is a reduction in
nonconformities.
And if you are able to find that this
lot with a lot adjustment is becoming
more conforming with regard to lot area
and lot width than it previously was at
50 ft in width and um what did I say in
area 18,000 or so square feet in area.
It's becoming more conforming than under
Adolf. You the courts have helped. It's
all the way up through the Connecticut
Supreme Court that a reduction in
nonconformities is a valid dependent
basis for granting a variance.
>> But it's it's not in the law that we
have to. I just want to make sure that
every
>> nothing that says in the law that
because we had a
>> a reduction in non-performance that we
must approve it. You're not saying that.
>> It's still for you to determine. Is it
consistent with the comprehensive plan?
>> I understand that.
>> Yeah. and is it in harmony with, you
know, the neighborhood and in
furtherance of public health and
welfare,
>> right?
>> Um, so I I town attorney would probably
say you don't absolutely have to grant
it, but it is a independent basis that
the courts will uphold if you choose to
grant it.
>> Right. Okay. I just want to make sure
that everybody here because you're
giving a lot of legal
>> Yes. that they understand by board
members that is not binding that we have
to approve it. It just means that there
is precedent I guess we call it.
>> There's a basis.
>> There's a faith. Absolutely.
>> So um
>> and there may also be other reasons to
not have a group as well. This is
>> well there may be but I think based on
the plan we can tell that we can have a
code compliance system. There can be
utilities available for it that it can
comply with all the other setbacks. And
I want to talk about harmony with the
neighborhood. consistency with the
comprehensive claim. So, so we're
talking about increasing the 43 acre
portion to.57
acres. Does that fit into the
neighborhood? Does that work? Is it out
of character and whack with what you see
going on there? Well, I would submit not
significantly by any means because
excuse me, the resulting lot will be
0.57 acres. Um, and when I go on your
GIS and I do a survey of a solar road
and what you've got there, um, you've
got a range. You've got a range of
anywhere from, um, actually down the
road closer to Lake Road, you've got it
a couple of a lot that's 035 acres. Um,
I'm sorry, 0.35 acres. Um, and that's
down at 19 basa. You've got a 4 acre lot
at 9A. You've got 42 acres at 20 basis.
You've got 47 acres at 80 basa. So you
have at least four. I just pointed out
>> 38.5%.
>> Yes. So you have five at least lots
developed upon on the same road within I
mean none of them are more than 1,200 ft
away that are small in size. You also
have some that are larger. you have some
points almost 8 acres across the
street.9 acres across the street. My
client's um and her husband's remaining
land will be 1.7 acres. So you do have
some larger lots but you certainly have
some smaller even smaller than proposed
here. Um and and the house that's being
proposed the the footprint on it
obviously would have to comply with
setback requirements. So, it couldn't be
a, you know, a McMansion out there um
because you wouldn't have space to. So,
it'll be a house that is similar in size
to a lot of what's already existing out
there as well. So, because it's a
comparable use, single family use,
because the lot's not assumed for what
you already have in the area, I think
you can make a finding that it's
consistent with the comprehensive plan
and the character of the surrounding
area.
We have um submitted at least uh two one
email and one letter in in the records
of neighbors who are in support of this
application and have no objection which
I think is um important. Um so so I
think that that's also reflective of
being you know consistent and in harmony
with the neighborhood. I think they've
already had it. Do you already have
those?
>> I don't have those letters but
>> that's okay. Oh,
>> okay.
>> I think you Okay, this these are the
neighbors that are
>> directly that would be next to this
proposed home and the neighbor that is
directly across from the proposed home.
Um, and that would be Melanie
>> and they are both very supportive of of
this. um you know they know you showed
them and uh you know where we were
thinking and
>> just for that
>> I will I'm sorry for some reason I' I've
thought but yes I have copies of
somebody yeah we will submit that
>> so I mean I know I've talked a lot of
legally you that's not necessarily what
you are typically hearing you're used to
hearing a lot more hardship kind of
arguments but um here this is really
more of a legal issue. Um, number one,
can you reasonably conclude that this
was a legal nonconforming lot when
created in 1954? And number two, if so,
do you feel that it warrants a variance
under the Adolf exception because we are
making an 18,500
square foot more conforming by bringing
it up to 28,000 25,118
square ft. And then we're increasing the
frontage or the width of the lot from 50
feet to 88 ft. Um, not compliant, but we
submit still more compliant.
Um,
questions.
>> I have a good question. So, we're
talking about So, your presentation is
all about
what you're claiming is decreasing the
nonconformity.
Uh but what is the ruling on the
nonconformity was in effect
created by the proposal to put a house
on the lot. So
>> well but the non-conformity wasn't
created by the proposal to put a house
on the block. The nonconformity
irregardless of whether there's a house
on the lot. The nonconformity relates to
lot size and to lot width. So anything
you want to do with this lot um you
can't build anything. You can't even put
a shed on it. can't put a chicken coop
on it because it's non-conforming for
those purposes. So whether or not you
put a house on it doesn't matter because
the house itself would be fully
conforming. The house would comply with
front, rear, and sideyard setbacks. It
would not violate the um maximum lot
coverage requirement. It's solely the
the lot itself is unders sized
regardless of whether there's a
structure on it. So to use it in any
manner, a variance would be required.
Would
it be possible to
say so there's the on the proposal
there's that you know rectangle that
goes from parcel B to parcel A to make
it big enough to meet the setback
requirements for for the proposed house.
Would it be possible to make that larger
to
to make this whole thing conforming?
>> We No, there's not enough land to give
from 52 Bola to make this a conforming
lot. There there's just not enough land
to do. We would good to god if we could
would we there's just not enough land to
um there's yeah in order to meet the
minimum lot requirements of
>> uh 60,000 square feet we we can only
give so much from 52 to solar which is
an existing house on it which we
certainly don't want to make
non-conforming
um because it's presently fully
conforming but we can still keep it
fully conforming and reduce some area
thereby by increasing the lot size of
this
undersized lot 43 acres.
>> Okay.
>> Can you talk about the septic system?
Now, you said
systems going to be on
the other lot.
>> The septic system, as you can see, is in
that green hash area there. And not all,
but of the reserve. I think just the
reserve the whole thing.
>> Well, it does
>> I think is going to be on this lot and
the reserve perhaps on
>> this plan doesn't show the tank as far
as
>> that square primary was that primary
primary kind of primary there is behind
it.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, so the reason that those
would be on
the easement
on the neighboring parcel is because we
did not again want to make the
neighboring parcel 52 non-compliant.
Um, right now it's a fully conforming
lot and in order to be conforming it
needs to have 200 feet of lot width and
a minimum 60,000 square feet. If we put
the septic system on detitle on you know
on the neighboring piece and included
enough of the land so that it was part
of parcel B then parcel A which is 52
would become non-compliant with regard
to lot.
So since parcel B is already
non-compliant with regard to lot width
at only 50 ft um we figured let's let's
keep the non-compliant lot separate. we
could make it more compliant. Um, and
even if we put the septic system on
parcel B, it wouldn't become fully
compliant because we still don't have
the 200 ft there.
>> I'm sorry, Do we make the other lot less
compliant?
>> No.
>> 52 will stay compliant with all zoning
regulations.
>> Minimum lot area, lot width, all
setbacks, it will be completely
compliant. it it will remain unaffected.
It'll just be slightly smaller.
And that was again the overriding goal.
I think initially
um the surveyor and the engineer and and
my clients had drawn the map to have the
subject system on RC. And then when I
looked at I said, "Oh guys, you know, if
we do that, then we also need a variance
just to have our existing house slot and
you don't want to monkey around that.
that's where you live. That's your house
lot. We don't want to make that a
non-compliant situation. Let's keep that
lot protected and compliant and just do
what we can to improve the zoning
compliance of the adjacent bomb.
>> So, could I So,
can you explain the reason why this
>> can't be up here?
Um I can only I don't have the engineer
here. I don't know if you know the
answer
>> elevation,
>> right? So
>> so so from the health code perspective I
so health department is going to be a
little obviously but they're going to
look at this. I think their ideal
situation would be to have the septic
system on the same parcel as the house,
but there are exceptions to that and and
Mark, our engineer, thought that he'd be
able to work the health department on
that. However, if the health department
says no way, no how you have to relocate
that subject system so it's on the lot,
then I guess maybe he'll have to do some
test holes back there and decide if he
can do a pump system back there. But
right now, this is a system that
>> needs to go.
>> The health department has witnessed the
perk test and all that good stuff.
>> Yes.
>> They have not issued a B100A yet, have
they?
>> No,
>> we haven't seen it. So,
>> so I find out, but I don't think so.
>> Do you know?
>> There's also an issue uh with that
section. The upper part is all ledge.
When I build the house, I have to get it
all blasted. So the where the ridge line
drops uh the ledge drops as well. So it
may dig the deep hole in protest they
went down 7 ft whatever but up on top
it's you know a couple of feet can hit
ledge.
>> I I just think the board would be
interested in knowing the exact reasons
why why it has to be why it can't be
here not on that lot. Yeah,
>> we can get answers to that for purposes
of granting or acting on the variance.
Again, it's limited to really are we
making a non-conforming lot more
conforming. Um, but you know, I I could
certainly inquire and and see what
>> So, right now you own both of those
lots.
>> Right now, Christine owns Par and she
and her husband own 52. Um but at any
point
>> the other lot could be sold.
>> Uh well right now in the current
configuration
>> it's just this the 40.43 strip. I guess
we could sell that but then you're going
to have someone else back here at some
point saying in order to do anything
with it we need a variance.
>> No the other lot if they sell parcel A
>> then then whoever comes into ownership
with parcel A has someone else's on
their property
>> that that can happen via easement. So
what what I explained to your zoning
agent is we will if you see fit to grant
us variance, we will memorialize the
septic easement on the land records. We
will just like you can grant a right to
a neighbor to grade onto your property
or have a driveway easement on your
property. This would be a septic
easement on the neighboring property. So
this 52 will forever be encumbered in
perpetuity by an easement that allows
them to maintain and repair and replace
as necessary the septic system within
that hash area. They will not be able to
negate that in the future because it'll
be a a title incumbence at that point.
>> So if if that happens it it probably
will eventually down the road if we
don't
>> forward far enough. Um what happens if
say the people in parcel B don't
maintain their septic system and they
pollute the lot and groundwater in
parcel A.
>> Well then parcel A52 would say you are
in breach of our east the easement will
say we haven't drafted it yet but um
it'll be it would be a private matter
between the two lot owners. It's not a
the town wouldn't be involved. is it's a
private matter as to whether or not
you're acting beyond the scope of your
easement. Um, typically this easement
would say, "I, the owner of parcel A,
grant to parcel B an easement over this
area shown on the map for purposes of
building, installing, maintaining,
repairing a septic system and all
associated facilities. um we'll do that
at our sole cost and expense in
compliance with all laws and regulations
and we will indemnify you for any loss
or harm or damage that's a result of our
actions on the property. So if their
action which is actually an inaction by
doing something or not doing something
to the septic system causes some damage
there would be recourse under the
easement for them to bring a civil
matter between each other and work out
the damages that way. And again, it
can't be transferred because it would
make lot A. So that the section that is
the septic,
>> yeah,
>> that cannot be transferred in the in the
land transfer because in the plot
redrawing because it would eliminate
conformity for partial ed. So I mean I
theoretically if you wanted to condition
your variance and say oh you know what
even though it's going to make a
non-conforming
there I'd still rather that design and
uh we'll approve your application for
this these parcels with the condition
that you incorporate the easement area
into actually parcel B. But um you again
it would be a little on the unusual side
to make a conforming person
non-conforming. So that's why we're not
presenting it necessarily that way.
>> So it would be
legal for the board to create
essentially allow the creation or not
forming law.
>> Well, the board can condition a
variance. They can put a condition on it
that they find is in the public
interest. And I guess if they say the
public interest is to have the septic
system on the parcel being served rather
than the adjacent parcel, then they
could do that. But in effect, what they
created was a nonconformity, but blessed
at the same time because they're
granting the veritance.
>> It be a little unusual. But we might, if
you're going to, if you're considering
going that route, we might want to hold
this open and advertise again just to be
clear that the variance would be
applicable to 52 and not just this
parcel. Um, probably just how was it
advertised?
>> There was essentially be two variants
with grand,
>> right? There would be a variance for
this parcel for lot area size, which I'm
not concerned about. I know we we
advertise for that. I just don't know
that we advertise for variance for 52.
So if you're thinking along that roads,
I would I if you want to be sure that
there's no technical defects um then
maybe we would revertise to that to that
end. But again, this is this is what the
third proposal is. We think is the
better more conforming plan, I should
say. Not better, but more conforming
plan.
>> And could you just show me again exactly
where the land from the original house
is going to go to the new lot? exactly
where that line is.
>> This is land from 52 that's going to
>> and they're going to take that line and
move it out down south and call it down.
>> Yes. So, so, so right now the existing
lot line for the 43 acre parcel is this
line right here.
>> Yeah. This is the original.
>> Okay.
>> And they said come out here. No, they're
saying go here.
No, everything north of this line is
part of 62.
>> Yes. And it's going to go this way to
end. I just make it big enough to put
this there. And then this is going to be
stop.
>> Did I?
There's something at the beginning of
your presentation that said um regarding
the legality of um
so transferring lots as long as you
don't own adjacent property
>> unity of title merger. Is that what
we're talking about? Uh
>> so so the zoning provisions have a the
zoning regulations
have a merger provision in them and and
if both parcels were owned in the same
way by them jointly these would be
deemed merged from a zoning standpoint.
Okay? So they would be deemed one parcel
and would have to be used for the zoning
rights for as one parcel. That only
applies if you have unity of title and
they're owned the same way. Here we do
not because
Manuel Manny does not own any interest
in the 43 acre. That's only Christine's
name.
>> Is that
>> Yeah, there was something no about the
the uh the land owner from 1954 when she
sold lots 53 and 54 there.
>> All right. So when she sold that in 19
So in 19 maybe I'll just go back through
my notes and we something triggers it
just
>> so in 1951 Shirley Riley acquired lots
54 55 and the southerntherly 50 ft of 53
>> the southerntherly 53 50 ft of 53 is
what's at issue here in 1954
Shirley
conveyed off to the O'Brien that's 54
and 55
retaining just that southerntherly 50 ft
that created that at 1954 as a
standalone piece. It wasn't attached to
anything else.
>> Right.
>> Am I still not where you want to be?
>> No, I'm trying to piece together
when
I'm there was there was something
interesting wordwise. I'll go back and
watch the
>> the recording.
>> Okay.
>> Sorry. That's okay.
Um, yeah. I just at this point I I
I would say what I think the narrow
issues before you are. Did I give you
enough information
to conclude
that under the facts and circumstances
that exist, we can deem this to be a
legal non-conforming lot. Okay. Again,
those facts and circumstances being it's
beyond our control to get the definitive
proof you need and the best we can do is
rely on some of these inferences we're
making. And also kind of the idea of of
fairness. I mean, I know that might not
be a legal standard, but it's a
practical standard here. the town
the town's failure to have full complete
records dating back to when zoning
started is really what's putting us in
this predicament of not being able to
affirm like definitively answer this for
you. Um, but I hope that there's enough
there that under all of these
circumstances you can be comfortable
concluding it because that's step one is
is this a legal non-conforming law? And
if it is then again are you comfortable
applying the aden rule which says we if
you're making an existing non-conforming
lot more conforming and still complying
with you know being consistent with the
comprehensive plan then then it's a
grounds for granting these variances
that are requested.
>> So I I have a theoretical fundamental
question. If someone buys a
non-conforming lot,
does do they have the right to get a
variance to put something on it? So,
imagine somebody bought that little
rectangular lot
>> independent of anything else. So, some
some third party came in and I came
along and bought it. I bought
>> Let's say it wasn't them and they didn't
have land. So if they wanted to come in
here and and get a variance, first of
all, they they don't have the argument
to say they're making it more conforming
because it's already not
>> it's not period,
>> right? So they don't have that argument
to say we're making this more
conforming.
>> If they didn't own the adjacent land and
and they just own the four3 acres and I
said, "Okay, first of all, can we design
a house that fits on that without any
setback?" Probably not. So then the only
argument is well does then I come in for
a variance for setbacks and then what I
would be arguing is if this is a legal
non if this is a legal non-conformity
lot okay that predated zoning and and
was created I would say well failure to
grant me a variance would basically in
effect constitute a taking of my
property it would mean I have zero value
because I can't use it for any
reasonable purpose that would be a
totally different argument that that we
would be coming in with.
>> The fact that my client does own the
adjacent parcel makes it, I think, more
palatable because we can design a
compliant house. Um, we just don't have
enough land to make it fully compliant
from a lot area standpoint. So, we can
make it more compliant, just not fully
compliant.
So, and and not conformities are vested,
right? Uh if you have a legal
nonconformity, it's a vested property
right that passes on to subsequent
owners. You cannot be deprived of a of a
valid legal non-conforming
non-conformity.
>> Right. But if someone knowingly buys an
unconforming law, what I thought I heard
you saying, then the municipality
has to grant them.
>> No, no, no. Yeah, you'll be in a
variance. There's another
>> they would send you a variance. They
they would come before you and ask for a
variance to do something on that lot. It
wouldn't it would be more variances most
likely than what we're asking for
because they wouldn't have the
additional land. They would probably
need setback variances, maybe a coverage
variance. Who knows what they would
need, but they would need more variances
than what we're asking for. And their
argument would be, well, if you don't
grant them, you're taking low value for
my property. That's a totally different
argument. Um, and we're not going there.
>> Financial hardship isn't a reason for
taking all value,
>> right? Financial hardship isn't, but
there's some case law that says if you
take all value and leave the land
useless, then it might be enough of a
financial, but again, we're not going
there. Um where so that would be
approaching
non
but I'm saying
>> it's northern like the other
>> houses in that.
Well, let's make this unicorn. I I would
>> and just could I uh my client just
wanted to tell you a little bit more
about the research she did before she
bought the property. I I alluded to it a
bit, but just let's just if you don't
mind sub make that statement on the
record. prior to um actually even
getting the attorney to you know and and
having the title search and doing all of
those things which I was fully ready to
do in doing my due diligence. Um, I went
on the T gsi, the GI GIS, sorry. And
thank you. And I looked at lot size
and I looked first on my road and I saw
right away three properties um 9, 19,
and 20 that were 40, 35, and 42.42
and I said this lot is 43.
So this I'm operating not with the
knowledge base that all of you have
which I respect very much and I
appreciate my attorneys but I'm looking
at that and then I walked the lot you
know the lake and then I would pull up
houses I think that's a little lot 23 27
24 and as you know I'm sure you're
familiar with and if you pull up the map
you'll see lots of lots around that lake
are half the size of the lot I
purchased. So then when then I thought,
okay, but I'm going to then even do more
of my due diligence. And what in my own
mind, I hired an attorney. I got a
realtor. I spoke with a woman in Florida
who owned the property, the 43,
Lindsesi. She's lovely. And
then I even had the title search and
then and they went all the way as far as
they could possibly go. So I thought I
have I'm a retired teacher and I thought
I have done my homework
and so it was a little bit surprising to
me and I was very fortunate to have um
attorney Dory Riser come and help me at
this point. So that's kind of just to
let you know where I was coming from as
a just a lay person who lives around the
lake and loves the lake and
>> well I mean we have a lot of
non-conforming lots you know that those
properties on the lake some of them go
back to the 1920s
and things are different now.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. So, but this is
where just to give you a little
perspective of like I said I don't have
the the knowledge base that that all of
you have um you know having done this
and and understanding I'm I'm mentally
running to keep up with the language
this evening so I appreciate
>> well we are too
we to look important
>> well you do you're doing a great job
with that nailed it
>> put on a good show
and I know and I thank you Dory for the
explanations too because it does help to
has someone come in and obviously lay it
all out just a lot of force and some
experts put on shots. I'd like to ask
the attorney and I guess you consult
with your with your client if we could
keep this hearing open so that we have
more time for this is
>> I mean I would recommend that anyway
because we want to have a full
complement of five
>> um and I it would probably be safer to
keep it open so that if that additional
member has any questions when it's time
to have our final meeting and then vote
we can actually respond otherwise if the
public hearing is closed I can't offer
any more information,
>> right?
>> And this might be very simplistic and so
forgive my simplicity, but drive up Plus
Solar Road
>> and we actually state where we we kind
of were proposing the houses with is
kind of up from the neighbors to that
are they're here with us tonight.
They're they're to the left of the
property
beyond the driveway. And then the when
you go up the road, you'll see kind of
where we staked it out and we're
proposing it. And you'll also see that
our our home obviously my husband and I
live in is up a driveway and you can't
when the trees are filled you can't even
see this part of
>> where does the driveway go for for
wondering where is the driveway
>> for the proposing
>> for the snow for your existing
>> for the existing it's um my husband
can you with your finger
>> is it to the north of the septic just
>> would have to be I'm sorry. It would
have to be to the north of the Sussex
system.
>> I guess he's going to show you
>> how come the only place it could be that
system like this without seeing it on
the site here. Yeah, it's it's uh right
from here post.
>> Oh, here it's right here.
>> Yeah, right there.
>> Look, that's it right there. And I just
sw see right here
right there.
>> Oh, okay. It's just got
>> So if you were to take a drive and of
course the trees are bare right now, but
when the trees are full, like that part
of our property when we drive in and we
we grab our mail, you know, from the
lower part of our, you know, the
driveway um before we go up the hill,
that piece to the left has just been
woods and we don't
in almost 30 years, we haven't used it.
we haven't, you know, done anything with
it and it's out of sight quite honestly
and that whole I it's the higher
elevation is where our house is. So it's
kind of I'm visual so if you know I look
at it that's why we had to stake it out.
He had to stake it out for me because I
needed to be able to see the proximity
you know to like your place and to um
Jill's place and to Melany's place and
see where we're at.
>> I've got some pictures of
>> Oh yeah. Sure, that'd be great.
>> There's a picture.
>> There's the sign.
>> So that from the road where the sign is
and where the house would be, you can't
even see our house.
>> This is looking up towards 66 basil.
That's 66 Bulla's driveway.
>> And actually, I have a the a letter of
support from Jill Gold who um
>> this is again this is up up the hill.
You can barely see
this gnome's house in the background
there to the right. It's kind of
>> You can
see right there.
>> See there? Yeah. So, you have to really
go
>> and then there's be on the other side of
the telephone pole is her driveway.
>> Yeah.
>> And then beyond the driveway down that
way is there is that. So this is from
the perspective of what would be the
frontage of lot 52 essentially from up
>> lot 52 is where they live now.
>> Sorry from from the from lot 53 is so
this is from
>> this picture is looking at lot 5 at the
driveway
>> 52 from from
>> 52 from where that sign is.
It's a little up here.
>> Can you just tell us not directly
relevant to theater, but I'm curious
where the septic system is for the
existing house?
>> Yes, it's beyond in the back.
>> Oh, so it's say
west of the existing
septic system is here.
>> Okay.
>> The tank is like over here and then the
septic system is all in the back. So the
so the driveway was just a driveway and
I had sorry
yeah it's vegetable I was looking at it
sideway tank is here system is in the
back.
>> So did you have to blast out a lot of
fish to make?
>> No it's it's so where the house is it it
um it's a couple of feet down but as you
go down this way it it drops. So where
septic system is they didn't have to do
any blasting. The only time I had to do
blasting was where the house was and for
the underground uh service, power
service, and where the well is to the
house that has to be all blasted. And
then where the where the drop is from
here down here, there's nothing or it's
it's below 7 ft. And where the hill is,
it's all ledge. When we're building a
house, it's like a quarrying. That's all
you Oh, it's just rocks. So what you're
saying is that ledge like all here like
it will pretty much follow
>> pretty much. Yeah, pretty much here and
then from down below there's nothing or
it's deep.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So it would be a little prohibited with
that sub system,
>> right? Cuz it's all ledge up there.
>> There's boulders coming out of the
ground there. Uh it's all it's all
ledge. Right. And somebody told me way
years and years ago where the the ledge
line is and it just kind of like follows
where the the hill and kind of swings
around where the driveway is and it just
shoots down the road. I forgot who told
me but a long time ago they knew.
>> No blast on a ledge.
>> But yeah.
>> Yeah. I want to I want to know if
there's going to be blasting
>> because when they blasted for their
house,
>> we weren't aware of it
>> in our foundation and well took a big
hit.
>> Oh,
>> so we want to know if there's going to
be blasting for this one.
>> So the foundation you wouldn't have to
plaster your foundation.
>> No.
>> In the new house.
>> No. No. Because set I
>> Yeah. where it set down down way.
>> So the only black place if you had to
put the septic system up on your land up
in the back
>> that would be the only time that blast
>> for this house for this septic. No.
>> Okay. Um so if this moves forward when
will that be known as far as whether you
know when you get in the ground and
start digging.
>> Well the they've we've already been told
where the um where the ledge line is.
Okay.
>> Yeah. Where the ledge line and
everything is. So it's it's not land.
>> So
>> So I hear but I hear you. I appreciate
what you say. I appreciate you living.
It's just 30.
>> So according to your knowledge of the
land,
>> following this proposed plan would not
run into problems with
>> That's correct.
>> That's correct. Yes.
>> But
>> yeah. No, that's I appreciate you know
that
>> Yeah.
>> that we could address that because
that's your concern of I need to address
it. Absolutely valid.
>> Right.
Okay.
>> So, if if you want to leave it the
hearing open, if you have other
questions, absolutely. We're happy to
stay as long as you want and discuss
them. But if you want to leave the
hearing open till the next meeting, then
we can come back.
>> It's up to you. That's up to the We have
I'm telling you,
we have no objection to that. Um and I
think that's that's the you know, best
case.
>> All right. So, my question is, does it
have to be on the next regularly
scheduled or can we make a special date?
You can do a special.
>> Okay. My thing is I'm on the board of
finance also and I will be at a board of
finance meeting
>> on the next regularly scheduled
>> which is March.
>> I have I have a I have a meeting every
single Wednesday night going out because
we have budget season.
>> Wow. Want everybody here. So
>> and I want to be here. So and you're
want all five people.
>> If the board decides it wants to do a
special meeting just let me know and
I'll make it and all that. Sorry. When
is the next regular schedule? Is
>> uh March 7.
>> Oh, February. It's on the next one.
>> So, February 17.
>> February 18th, most likely.
>> February 18th. That's a Wednesday,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I will definitely be
>> I know you wanted to listen.
>> Actually, I won't even be here. I'll be
here.
>> I'm lucky. Now that I think about it,
>> be a Wednesday night.
>> So, you're not going to be here. So,
that's not going to be here on your
regular schedule. If we can do something
in the next
11th so we can do something before the
11th I guess would be nice to say is you
can't guarantee that there's going to be
all of us
>> we have to notice it
>> well we would ask everybody here
>> I mean it would be best though to
continue if we could continue this to a
date certain would be great is there any
way we could try that out I like to try
and pick a date that we all know we
could do this now
>> before fee left and notify an alternate
and well hopefully Julie Hag will be
back in California by then. I think she
would be okay. I'll call her and then
she'd always get a
>> Yeah, Joan probably back and
>> we could pick a date now and then try to
confirm Julie had
and I think and or Joan. The only thing
is
the room there all math and kind of
brought up on speed on everything
they can watch that too. So if they go
beyond a week from pay then people who
are patient are likely to be dying a
reasonable
>> reasonable right. So if you look at
either the 28th or the first week of
February not due Thursday the Wednesday
doesn't have to be Wednesday.
>> It doesn't have to be Wednesday.
>> You just need to know that the room's
available.
>> It could be it could be Wednesday the
4th
>> of February
>> of February. It could be Thursday the
5th.
>> I can't do third. Could
be Friday if you want to meet on Friday.
>> Yeah, fourth would be Friday.
>> Good for me. You said you can't do the
fourth.
>> Uh, actually, yeah, I can't do the I'm
sorry. I cannot do the fourth or the
fifth. I apologize. Um, is Tuesday the
3rd? Not
>> um Tuesday?
>> I You guys already have a hearing
weapons on the third.
>> I mean, you could do it at 6 instead of
7.
Yeah.
>> Is that works 6:00 on the
>> time?
6 o'
>> I guess so.
>> I appreciate it. I'm sorry. I have a
eighth grader transitioning up to 9th
grade and they have so many things going
on
>> and I apologize. I can't miss those.
>> Been there.
I could I could do the third as long as
it doesn't interfere with wetlands
because I have to be here for wetlands
that night.
>> Oh, you'll be here.
>> 6 o'
>> be a long night. That's an hour long
enough.
>> I would think an hour be long enough.
Um, it depends.
>> You'll be here and where is it? So, it'
be really the questions that Julia would
have if she's here or an alternate,
>> right? Well, we just have to
assume that one of
>> those with that respect, I would think I
would the chair probably should reach
out to to yeah everybody and say
>> the video was posted on YouTube. Please
review it.
>> There you go. So, we have the four of us
all confirmed. We have one permanent
seat and two office. I'm sure we can get
one of them to be here
>> if need be. and um you can't or if you
think it's too tight with weapons that
night. I could do the second also that
Monday. I don't know if you want to
maybe have two dates to run by your
altern
who's who's
>> Yeah, the second two. It's up to you
guys, but I just I'm available that
we're going to just keep having the same
meeting.
>> So, just in case it was ultimate Monday
the 2nd
>> and that could be at six or seven. All
right. But whatever
for the third right now
>> and now
Friday uh Tuesday
I'll take you back. Do you want me to
pull the members or you don't pull the
members?
>> I'd rather push it off on you if you're
okay with that.
>> You have all the
right.
>> So if you can send out the poll to
everybody for choosing the third
is my responsibility. I'll do it. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And big letter six.
>> Is that we get this one date? Let's go
with that date. Okay.
>> Thank you.
>> All right. Are we
>> That's coming up pretty darn quick. Uh I
think we're good to go. If you guys want
to go, we just have to go through the
rest of our regular meet.
>> Sure. Okay.
>> We'll close.
>> Oh, so Don't close the hearing. Just
continue it.
>> Not close this hearing. Just this part
of this hearing. We now open up the
second part of this. So, but thank you
guys.
>> Thank you.
>> Take care.
>> Oh, before we go,
>> does the chair and the and the board
want anything from the three attorneys
prior to that meeting
>> in writing?
February.
>> I have suggested to the chair that
>> both attorneys brief the board
>> on
>> for my brief on on your position. uh if
I didn't write it because it's it's
difficult to follow
that would be helpful if you would be a
>> I would
make sense
>> not a legal brief but a brief
>> summary of your arguments
>> sure
>> that'd be great I
>> to Wayne he could send the whole I'm
calling upon my prior experience as a
hearing officer if I'm in this quandry I
punt and then that's what I my
>> is it normal to ask in well I I guess
nothing is normal in any of these but um
uh as far as the septic easement would
it be acceptable or reasonable
>> well as
riser stated I mean there's easements
for for drive and
>> yeah the town has easement
>> ements for drainage private property
>> there's drainage easements from private
property private property
>> yeah I would say the answer to that
question is
>> no Okay.
>> Unusual. I don't know. I would use that
word.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah. That that I'm saying as far
as the reasoning behind the United
States. That' be great.
>> Okay.
>> And I'll make sure Julia gets it.
>> Jack, maybe we can chat about that
>> offline. And
>> I don't know. Is it of any concern to
the board the language in the easements
>> for the drain the subject?
>> No, I think that attorney Riser's
statement was accurate that they there
is a way to draft an easement that um
>> okay,
>> you know, has teeth in it and is
enforcable and all that sort.
>> It wouldn't be a whatever consideration
for this board. That's the question I'm
asking. Yeah.
>> No, I don't think that is
>> I think it is deliberatility.
>> Yeah, I was just thinking overall big
picture when I asked the question, but
it's not really hard.
So,
>> yeah, it doesn't come in our It doesn't
really come.
>> All right. So, you're continuing the to
a special meeting tenatively to be held
February 6th at 6 p.m. February 3rd.
>> February 3rd.
>> Tuesday.
at 6 p.m. See?
>> Okay.
>> February 3rd, Tuesday, 6 p.m. All right.
>> Thank you so much for your time. Thank
you.
>> Thank you guys.
>> Thanks.
>> All right.
>> That's right. This is very interesting.
>> Very interesting. I don't know if the
rest of the guys have met. My name is
John Bradley. I'm from Alamin Sage.
Everyone calls me Jack. I'm here for
Mark in place of Mark Grant. he couldn't
be here tonight, but thank you all. I uh
thank you for being here.
>> Read all this stuff and uh you got a
beauty here.
>> Yeah, it's a is a beauty. So, will you
be with us next time or will we?
>> I don't know. I don't know. But I I
certainly will. Um
>> I'm going to be inviting
>> probably a rep somebody to represent.
>> All right, great.
>> We'll have somebody. Thank you,
>> Chair.
No, likewise. Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> So, call or you know and then we don't
need to see members really okay because
we have a quorum
public comment there's nobody from the
public here so that old business we
don't have any new business and then do
we have the minutes from the last uh
waiting sent out to us
>> I have a copy here somebody want
>> I'd love to see a copy I did not review
them oh I wasn't here so I'm I have scan
anyways anybody want a copy of the
minutes
>> I it. You have it. You have it.
>> I was not here. So, okay. So, maybe you
can vote on this. This is so uh any any
additions or changes to the agenda,
folks?
>> Uh public comments?
>> No.
>> Old business? There is none. Uh new
business.
We've already taken care of that. Um and
so that closes this part of the meeting.
Does the board want any discussion on
this?
>> We could we could discuss it further if
you guys want to. Um I'll be
>> Are we allowed to discuss it without the
application around?
>> No, you're not allowed to this to uh
deliberate on this until public
hearings.
>> Okay.
>> Hearing is public hearing. It's held
open.
>> No, it's held. You're right. You're
right. I'm sorry. Okay. So, we can't on
that. Okay. Um, so that is done
and so that takes us to uh adoption of
the November 19th, 2025 minutes. Um, so
my role moves.
>> So any discussion?
>> No discussion.
>> No discussion. All right. So
>> all in favor? All right. All right. So,
we approve the minutes.
>> Nobody abstains. Oh. Oh, yeah. Bill
abstain. Okay. Sorry.
>> So, discussion. So, our next regular
meeting is not February 18th as is
listed here.
>> Next regular meeting. This is a special
meeting. Okay. So, this next regular
meeting. Does
>> that mean we'll have another one?
>> Yes. You're still a regular meeting will
still occur on the on the
>> 18th. If you have a is there business
that we know this so if we're not going
to be on the third
>> if it's not decided on the third
>> oh is not third they say we just put the
bed to bed on the third then there may
be no business
>> there may be no business for the 18th so
we don't know could be
>> all right but this is the only thing you
have as far as you know this
>> all right so so our next regular meeting
February 18th our next irregular
meeting. We've already special meeting
we've already discussed. Um, so do we
have a motion to a chair?
>> I make a motion. Bill makes
>> I'll take that and bring it around
again.
>> Okay. Uh, chairing. Any discussion? All
in favor? I
>> All right. Mind if I take this?
>> Good job, guys. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks
for helping us out with this.